[Music]
Just feeling
A bit lonelier than usual
Words trickle out, there's nothing for me
To hold onto
Just let me
Shed a tear or two
Like that
In these days we spend, someday, somehow they'll mean something
Like this
In these nights of hurt, a single sound of light
Will come soon, even before tomorrow
I'll no longer be afraid to say
Just thank you for your kindness
And today, today, I'll be able to smile
[Music]
Like this
In these painful days, someday, somehow
I'll be embraced
Like this
Lead me through
The night
And
[Music]
I'll become an adult, understanding
Even if it's just the warm heart that comes on this journey
I haven't forgotten
The faint lingering
Sound of warmth
Now, in front of the coming tomorrow
I'll envision
The dreams of this world
And today, when it stops gently
I'll be able to smile today
Even if I'm a bit scared and I hide it in my heart sometimes
Even those difficult emotions
I'll embrace them
If they were to remain blue forever
It's still okay
If I can say I'm not afraid today
[Music]